THE FINAL FRONTIER.
Kirk: SPACE:
OF THE STARSHIP ENTERPRISE.
THESE ARE THE VOYAGES
TO EXPLORE STRANGE NEW WORLDS,
ITS FIVE-YEAR MISSION:
AND NEW CIVILIZATIONS,
TO SEEK OUT NEW LIFE
WHERE NO MAN HAS GONE BEFORE.
TO BOLDLY GO
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
STARDATE 5392.4.
THE ENTERPRISE HAS BEEN
ASSIGNED TO ESCORT
TWO ROBOT GRAIN SHIPS
TO SHERMAN'S PLANET,
WHICH HAS BEEN STRUCK
BY CROP FAILURES AND FAMINE.
THIS SHIPMENT OF SEED GRAIN,
QUINTOTRITICALE,
IS NECESSARY TO THE SURVIVAL
OF THE COLONISTS.
SHERMAN'S PLANET TO INVESTIGATE
WE ARE BREAKING COURSE TO
A KLINGON BATTLE CRUISER
WHAT APPEARS TO BE
PURSUING SOME KIND
OF SMALLER SHIP.
OBSERVATION MAY CONFIRM
A RUMOR THAT THE KLINGONS
HAVE A NEW WEAPON,
TYPE SO FAR UNKNOWN.
CAPTAIN, IT IS
A KLINGON SHIP.
RAPIDLY CLOSING
ON ITS TARGET.
THE SMALLER VESSEL
SENSORS INDICATE
IS A ONE-MAN SCOUT SHIP
OF COMMON DESIGN.
Kirk: THEY'RE FIRING ON HIM.
KLINGON BATTLE CRUISER,
IDENTIFY YOURSELF.
AHEAD, WARP FACTOR 6.
SCOTTY, LOCK THE TRANSPORTER
ON THAT SMALL VESSEL.
WE'RE GOING TO RESCUE
THAT PILOT.
AYE, AYE, CAPTAIN.
Scotty:
LOCKING ON.
OPEN HAILING FREQUENCIES.
Kirk: KLINGON BATTLE CRUISER,
IDENTIFY YOURSELF.
YOU ARE VIOLATING
FEDERATION SPACE.
IDENTIFY YOURSELF.
STOP FIRING ON SCOUT SHIP.
[PHASER FIRING]
DEFLECTOR SHIELDS UP.
ARM ALL PHASERS.
PHASERS ARMED.
SHIELDS UP.
AHEAD, WARP FACTOR 8.
KLINGON BATTLE CRUISER,
IDENTIFY YOURSELF.
[FIRING]
Kirk: THEY GOT HIM. SCOTTY,
HAVE YOU GOT THAT PILOT YET?
I DON'T KNOW, SIR.
Scotty:
THAT KLINGON...
[MUTTERING]
THE INTEGRATION PARAMETERS.
THAT BLAST DECALIBRATED
CAPTAIN.
[ALARM BLARING]
THE NEW WEAPON. SPOCK?
SOME KIND OF FIELD EFFECT,
CAPTAIN.
IN PRECISELY FOUR SECONDS.
IT WILL HIT US
A MOST REMARKABLE...
IT PRODUCES
...DISRUPTION.
NOW WHAT?
[MUTTERING]
OUR ENGINES ARE DEAD.
CAPTAIN, WE HAVE BEEN HIT BY A
KIND OF PROJECTED STASIS FIELD.
GENERATORS ARE DISABLED.
OUR MATTER-ANTIMATTER
WE ARE PARALYZED.
FIRE PHASERS.
THE PHASERS DON'T WORK, SIR.
WILL NOT RESPOND, EITHER.
THE PHOTON TORPEDOES
THE STASIS FIELD DISABLES
ALL HIGHER-ORDER FIELD
AND WARP FUNCTIONS.
WELL, WE COULD ALWAYS
THROW ROCKS.
MUST BE ONE OF SURPRISING POWER
THIS NEW KLINGON WEAPON
IF IT CAN IMMOBILIZE
A STARSHIP.
THE ENERGY DRAIN ON THE KLINGON
SHIP WOULD BE ENORMOUS.
DID YOU GET THAT PILOT?
SCOTTY,
Scotty: I GOT HIM
IN THE BEAM, SIR,
BUT I CAN'T INTEGRATE HIM.
THE SYSTEM'S BEEN
DISCOORDINATED.
A MESSAGE COMING IN, SIR.
CAPTAIN, I HAVE
ON THE VIEW SCREEN.
PUT IT
AH, CAPTAIN KIRK.
RELEASE MY SHIP.
I'D BE DELIGHTED TO,
CAPTAIN KIRK,
THE PILOT OF THE LITTLE SHIP.
IF YOU WILL TURN OVER
A FEDERATION-BUILT CRAFT.
THAT SHIP WAS
THE PILOT IS UNDER
OUR PROTECTION.
ECOLOGICAL SABOTAGE.
HE HAS COMMITTED
IF I HAVE TO TAKE HIM
BY FORCE, I WILL.
THE FIRST KLINGON
TO STEP ABOARD THIS SHIP
WILL BE THE LAST KLINGON.
FULL-SECURITY ALERT,
MR. SPOCK.
I'M AFRAID, CAPTAIN KIRK,
YOU'LL FIND YOUR PHASERS
NO LONGER WORK,
NOR ANY OF YOUR WEAPONS.
[WHISPERING] MR. SPOCK,
I'M LOSING CONTACT
WITH OUR ROBOT SHIPS.
BY THE STASIS FIELD,
THEY'RE NOT HELD
AND THEY'RE MOVING
OUT OF RANGE.
WHAT WAS THAT?
CUT OFF THAT FREQUENCY.
LIEUTENANT,
YES, SIR.
THEY'RE MOVING OFF.
THE ROBOT SHIPS,
THEY STILL HAVE POWER?
-WE STILL CONTROL THEM?
-AFFIRMATIVE, SIR.
HAVE THEM RAM THE KLINGON SHIP.
BRING THEM BACK, MR. SULU.
CAPTAIN, YOU CAN'T AFFORD
TO LOSE THAT GRAIN.
I CAN AFFORD EVEN LESS
TO LOSE THE ENTERPRISE.
OPEN THE HAILING FREQUENCY
AGAIN, LIEUTENANT.
CAPTAIN KOLOTH.
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU
ONE LAST CHANCE TO
RELEASE THE ENTERPRISE.
YOU'RE GOING TO GIVE ME
ONE CHANCE?
IT WON'T WORK, CAPTAIN KIRK.
OR HE'D STILL BE GLOATING.
IT WILL WORK.
TWO DIFFERENT ANGLES, MR. SULU.
BRING THE ROBOT SHIPS IN FROM
[BEEPING]
INCREDIBLE.
THAT FIELD MUST REQUIRE.
THE AMOUNT OF ENERGY
THEY COULDN'T MAINTAIN
THE STASIS FIELD.
LOCKED ON TARGET, MR. SULU.
KEEP YOUR PHASERS
UNTIL THEY FIRE FIRST.
HOLD YOUR FIRE
PHASERS LOCKED ON.
AYE, SIR.
THEIR BATTLE CAPACITY IS DOWN.
APPARENTLY
THEY ONLY DAMAGED IT.
Sulu: THEY'RE VEERING OFF.
Spock: SENSORS INDICATE
ARE ALMOST EXHAUSTED.
THEIR POWER CELLS
THEY PROBABLY DON'T HAVE
THE STRENGTH FOR A
PROLONGED BATTLE NOW.
SCOTTY, CAN YOU INTEGRATE
THAT PILOT NOW?
I THINK SO, CAPTAIN.
Scotty:
Kirk: WE'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
THE TRANSPORTER ROOM. SPOCK.
CALL McCOY TO
Kirk: HAVE YOU GOT HIM?
JUST PUTTING HIM TOGETHER
NOW, SIR.
I THINK WE KNOW THAT MAN.
IT APPEARS TO BE...
TO THINK ABOUT IT.
I DON'T WANT
Kirk: CYRANO JONES.
AND HE'S GOT TRIBBLES
WITH HIM.
TRIBBLES.
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
SUPPLEMENTAL.
HAS GIVEN US SOME KNOWLEDGE
OUR RESCUE EFFORT
OF THE NEW KLINGON WEAPON
AND THE PRESENCE
OF CYRANO JONES,
INTERGALACTIC TRADER
AND GENERAL NUISANCE.
CAPTAIN KIRK. FRIEND KIRK.
[TRIBBLES SQUEAKING]
SEAL OFF THE AREA, ENSIGN.
YOU KNOW THE LAW
ABOUT TRANSPORTING
ANIMALS PROVEN HARMFUL.
THESE ARE SAFE TRIBBLES.
CAPTAIN,
THERE'S NO SUCH THING
AS A SAFE TRIBBLE.
A CONTRADICTION IN TERMS.
A SAFE TRIBBLE WOULD BE
TRIBBLES ARE WELL KNOWN
FOR THEIR PROCLIVITIES
IN MULTIPLICATION.
AND THEY BREED FAST, TOO.
THESE TRIBBLES ARE SAFE.
AND THAT'S WHY
THEY DON'T REPRODUCE.
DON'T REPRODUCE?
GENETICALLY ENGINEERED
I'VE HAD THEM
WITH HUMANOID ECOLOGIES.
FOR COMPATIBILITY
AND LOVABLE THEY ARE?
SEE HOW FRIENDLY
AND NOT A BABY IN THE BUNCH.
AND PROFITABLE, TOO.
THEY'RE GREAT PETS
JONES, HOW DID YOU GET AWAY
FROM SPACE STATION K-7?
YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO CLEAN UP
ALL THE TRIBBLES THERE.
OH, WELL, I MANAGED A SHORT
PAROLE. I FOUND SOME HELP.
[CHUCKLES]
THIS IS A TRIBBLE PREDATOR.
IT'S CALLED A GLOMMER.
[CHIRPING]
WATCH.
WELL, AT LEAST IT'S NEAT.
WHY WERE THE KLINGONS
CHASING YOU, JONES?
HOW SHOULD I KNOW?
NOTORIOUSLY BAD TEMPERS.
KLINGONS HAVE
RARELY ENTER FEDERATION SPACE
THAT MAY BE TRUE, BUT THEY
AND FIRE ON FEDERATION VESSELS
WITHOUT REASON.
ECOLOGICAL SABOTAGE.
THEY DID MENTION
ME? A SABOTEUR? RIDICULOUS.
CAPTAIN KOLOTH WAS
PRETTY EMPHATIC.
IT WAS SUCH A LITTLE THING.
I CAN'T UNDERSTAND AT ALL
WHY THEY GOT UPSET.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
SOLD THEM SOME TRIBBLES.
[LAUGHING] I ONLY
YOU SOLD TRIBBLES
ON A KLINGON PLANET?
IT WAS A KLINGON PLANET.
WELL, I DIDN'T KNOW
TRIBBLES DON'T
LIKE KLINGONS.
GIVEN YOU SOME CLUE.
THAT SHOULD HAVE
KLINGONS LIKE TRIBBLES
EVEN LESS.
IT WAS LUCKY YOU CAME ALONG
AND SAVED ME WHEN YOU DID,
FRIEND KIRK.
I COULDN'T HAVE OUTRUN THEM
MUCH LONGER.
ACCORDING TO OUR COMPUTER FILES,
JONES, YOU'RE IN VIOLATION
OF THREE FEDERATION MANDATES
AND 47 LOCAL ONES.
[SCOFFS]
UNTIL WE COMPLETE OUR MISSION.
YOU'RE CONFINED
TO THE PROPER AUTHORITIES.
THEN WE'LL TURN YOU OVER
COULDN'T WE TALK THIS OVER?
UH, CAPTAIN,
I DIDN'T THINK SO.
[BEEPING]
HMM. HMM.
HMM.
[BEEPING STOPS]
JIM, CYRANO JONES IS RIGHT.
DON'T REPRODUCE.
THESE TRIBBLES
THEY JUST GET FAT.
ANYTHING TO WORRY ABOUT.
I DON'T THINK WE HAVE
NOT ABOUT TRIBBLES ANYWAY.
ABOUT THAT NEW KLINGON WEAPON.
I AM CONCERNED
IT IS AN ENERGY-SAPPING FIELD
OF GREAT STRENGTH, CAPTAIN.
AND ITS WEAPONS CAPABILITY.
IT IMMOBILIZES A STARSHIP
IT ALSO IMMOBILIZES
BUT APPARENTLY,
THE ATTACKING SHIP'S ABILITIES
AT THE SAME TIME.
AYE, AND IF THAT'S TRUE,
THEN IT'S A WEAPON THAT LEAVES
THEM AS HELPLESS AS IT DOES US.
I BELIEVE I JUST SAID THAT,
MR. SCOTT.
THE PRACTICAL ADVANTAGES
OF SUCH A WEAPON
WOULD SEEM TO BE LIMITED.
PERHAPS, BUT THERE ARE
LOGICAL APPLICATIONS.
THE KEY QUESTION IS,
HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE THEM
TO RECHARGE?
THEY WILL PROBABLY
ATTACK US AGAIN
AS SOON AS THEY ARE
BACK UP TO POWER.
AND THEY WILL PROBABLY BEGIN BY
DESTROYING THE OTHER ROBOT SHIP
TO PREVENT US FROM REPEATING
THE SAME TRICK.
THEY WANT CYRANO JONES
VERY BADLY.
HE REALLY DOESN'T SEEM
THE SABOTEUR TYPE, JIM.
YES.
THE DAMAGED GRAIN SHIP, SCOTTY?
STATUS REPORT ON
TRANSFER ALL THE GRAIN ABOARD,
WELL, SIR, WE'VE MANAGED TO
BUT IT SEVERELY LIMITS US.
HANGARS, ALL OUR EXTRA HOLDS,
WE FILLED THE SHUTTLECRAFT
AND WE'VE EVEN GOT CONTAINERS
THAT QUINTOTRITICALE,
OF THAT WHEAT,
IN THE CORRIDORS
OF THE SHIP.
AND THEN WE'VE GOT THAT OTHER
ROBOT SHIP TO ESCORT, TOO.
I DON'T LIKE IT AT ALL, SIR.
BUT WE'VE GOT TO DO IT.
NOR DO I, MR. SCOTT,
SHERMAN'S PLANET NEEDS
THAT GRAIN DESPERATELY.
AYE, SIR, BUT WE'VE GOT
TRIBBLES ON THE SHIP,
IN THE CORRIDORS,
QUINTOTRITICALE
KLINGONS IN THE QUADRANT.
YOUR WHOLE DAY, SIR.
IT CAN RUIN
[CHIRPING]
[SQUEAKING]
CAPTAIN, SENSORS ARE PICKING UP
A KLINGON BATTLE CRUISER.
DEFLECTOR SHIELDS UP.
STAND BY PHASERS.
[SQUEAKS]
HOW FAT DO THESE THINGS GET?
APPROACHING RAPIDLY.
Sulu: KLINGON SHIP
WITHIN PHASER RANGE
IN 30 SECONDS.
OBVIOUSLY, THEY CAN
RECHARGE THEIR POWER
IN A MATTER OF HOURS.
USE THE ROBOT SHIP
AS A DECOY.
HAVE IT CHANGE COURSE
AND MOVE OFF.
TO GIVE THE KLINGONS TROUBLE.
WE'LL USE IT AGAIN
THEY CAN'T CONTROL MORE
THAN ONE SHIP AT A TIME
WITH THEIR STASIS FIELD.
BEGINNING EVASIVE MANEUVERS.
THE KLINGON SEEMS
TO BE VEERING OFF.
THEY WERE NOT VEERING OFF.
MY MISTAKE, CAPTAIN.
THEY WERE ATTACKING
THE GRAIN SHIP.
BUT THEY DIDN'T DESTROY IT.
Sulu:
THE PROPULSION UNITS.
THEY ONLY WRECKED
THEY LEFT THE CARGO INTACT.
CAPTAIN KOLOTH IS
QUITE A MARKSMAN.
THEY'VE CHANGED COURSE.
THEY'RE COMING IN AGAIN.
Kirk: READY PHASERS.
AND READY, SIR.
PHASERS ARMED
[CHIRPING]
PHOTON TORPEDOES.
FIRE ONE.
THEY'RE RUNNING AWAY.
VERY ODD. THEY DID NOT USE
THEIR STASIS WEAPON AT ALL.
ENOUGH TIME TO RECHARGE IT.
PERHAPS THEY HAVEN'T HAD
OR THE PURPOSE OF THE ATTACK
WAS SOMETHING ELSE.
THE ROBOT SHIP.
THEY DISABLED
ON IT. WE'LL TAKE IT IN TOW.
SCOTTY, PUT A TRACTOR BEAM
CAPTAIN, THAT COULD BE EXACTLY
WHAT THEY WANT US TO DO.
AND LIMIT OUR AVAILABLE POWER.
TOW THE ROBOT
WE'RE CARRYING THE EXTRA MASS
OF THE FIRST SHIP'S CARGO,
THE SECOND ONE IN TOW.
AND NOW WE HAVE
A GREAT DEAL OF POWER
THAT REQUIRES
WE WON'T BE ABLE
TO USE IN BATTLE.
-THAT SEEMS LOGICAL.
-THANK YOU.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEAS?
WELL, MR. SPOCK,
THROW TRIBBLES AT THEM.
WE COULD ALWAYS
I THOUGHT VULCANS DIDN'T HAVE
A SENSE OF HUMOR.
WE DON'T, CAPTAIN.
[CHIRPING]
[SQUEAKING ANGRILY]
CAPTAIN, WE'VE GOT BROKEN CARGO
CONTAINERS IN ALL THE CORRIDORS.
ARE EATING THE GRAIN.
AND THE TRIBBLES
-GET CYRANO JONES UP HERE.
-AYE, SIR.
OF CAPTAIN KOLOTH'S SHIP?
ANY SIGN
-NOTHING, SIR.
-Kirk: KEEP SCANNING.
WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU?
CAPTAIN KIRK,
SPICAN FLAME GEMS, PERHAPS?
[CHUCKLING] SOME, UH,
YOUR TRIBBLES ARE
ALL OVER MY SHIP.
CAN'T FIND THEM ALL.
MY SECURITY MEN
BETTER SECURITY MEN, CAPTAIN.
YOU NEED
IN ENOUGH TROUBLE ALREADY.
MR. JONES, YOU ARE
CAPTAIN, A HARMLESS
LITTLE TRIBBLE.
WHAT CAN THEY HURT?
HARMLESS, MAYBE. LITTLE?
[GRUNTS]
IN ANY CASE, THEY'RE EATING
THE QUINTOTRITICALE.
-THE WHAT?
-THE WHEAT!
THEY'RE HUNGRY, CAPTAIN.
[SNICKERS]
ON SHERMAN'S PLANET.
SO ARE THE PEOPLE
EAT MUCH. A BIG TRIBBLE DOES.
A LITTLE TRIBBLE DOESN'T
AND THESE ARE GROWING.
[CHIRPING]
THE ECOLOGICAL SABOTAGE
Kirk: JONES, IS THIS
THE KLINGONS ARE SO MAD ABOUT?
CAPTAIN, THE KLINGONS
ARE COMING BACK.
SPEAK OF THE DEVIL.
JIM, THERE'S SOMETHING
ABOUT THESE TRIBBLES.
LATER, BONES.
RELEASE THE ROBOT SHIP.
MR. SULU,
WE'LL SWING BACK AND PICK IT UP
LATER. DEFLECTOR SHIELDS UP.
STAND BY PHOTON TORPEDOES.
AND ALL NONCOMBATANTS
OFF THE BRIDGE.
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
SUPPLEMENTAL.
UNDER COMMAND OF CAPTAIN KOLOTH
THE KLINGON SHIP
IS FORCING US INTO A BATTLE
FOR CUSTODY OF CYRANO JONES
FOR REASONS STILL UNKNOWN.
CONTACT IN 30 SECONDS.
Kirk: READY PHOTON TORPEDOES.
-FIRE ONE.
-ONE FIRED.
THAT'S DONE IT.
WE'RE CAUGHT.
MESSAGE COMING IN, SIR.
AH, CAPTAIN KIRK, WE'LL TAKE
CONTROL OF YOUR SHIP NOW.
NOT IF I CAN HELP IT.
I WANT YOUR PRISONER.
MUCH AS I HATE TO ADMIT IT,
CAPTAIN KOLOTH,
A CITIZEN OF THE FEDERATION
CYRANO JONES IS
TO FEDERATION PROTECTION.
AND ENTITLED
I MUST, MUCH AS IT PAINS ME,
REFUSE YOUR REQUEST.
IT IS NOT A REQUEST.
DON'T FORCE ME TO TAKE STEPS
THAT WE WILL BOTH REGRET.
CLOSE CHANNEL, LIEUTENANT.
WITH PLEASURE, SIR.
GOING TO SIT DOWN, SIR?
AREN'T YOU
I THINK I'LL STAND.
[CHIRPING]
-IMPLEMENT BOARDING PLAN C.
-YES, SIR.
MR. SCOTT,
WE'RE GOING TO IMPLEMENT
EMERGENCY DEFENSE PLAN B.
PLAN B, SIR?
MR. SPOCK SUGGESTED IT.
[CHIRPING]
EMERGENCY PLAN B
COMPLETE, SIR.
OPENING HAILING FREQUENCIES,
LIEUTENANT.
CAPTAIN KOLOTH, ARE YOU READY
TO RELEASE MY SHIP?
Koloth: RELEASE YOUR SHIP?
KIRK, YOU ARE MONOTONOUS.
-YOU DON'T KNOW YET, DO YOU?
-KNOW WHAT?
IMMOBILIZED YOUR SHIP
THAT WE HAVE
WORSE THAN YOU HAVE
IMMOBILIZED OURS.
I DOUBT THAT.
OUR INSTRUMENTS REPORT NOTHING
TRANSPORTER ACTIVITY AND --
EXCEPT SOME UNDUE
KIRK? TRIBBLES?
TRIBBLES.
A KLINGON GENETIC CONSTRUCT,
KIRK, CYRANO JONES TOOK
FROM ONE OF OUR PLANETS.
AN ARTIFICIAL CREATURE
WE MUST HAVE IT BACK.
TO BE A TRIBBLE PREDATOR.
IT WAS DESIGNED
WE ARE PREPARED TO GO TO WAR
IF WE HAVE TO.
YOU MUST HAVE OTHERS.
THE FIRST ONE, KIRK.
Koloth: THIS WAS
WE NEED IT IN ORDER TO
GROW OTHERS FROM IT.
OF THE TRIBBLES JONES SOLD
WE NEED IT TO GET RID
BEFORE THEY COMPLETELY
OVERRUN THE PLANET.
AND THAT'S ALL YOU WANT?
JONES IS NOT THAT IMPORTANT.
WE MUST HAVE THE GLOMMER.
OH, WELL, IF THAT'S ALL.
MR. SCOTT, TRANSPORT THE GLOMMER
OVER TO THE KLINGON SHIP.
Scotty: AYE, SIR.
YOU CAN'T DO THIS TO ME.
UNDER SPACE SALVAGE LAWS,
HE'S MINE.
Scotty: A PLANETARY SURFACE
IS NOT COVERED
BY SPACE SALVAGE LAWS.
BEASTIE THAT BAD, MR. JONES,
BUT IF YOU WANT THE LITTLE
WE'LL TRANSPORT YOU OVER
WITH IT.
I WITHDRAW MY CLAIM.
[CHIRPING]
WE CAN REPORT THE STASIS FIELD
Kirk: WELL, AT LEAST
A WEAPON AS WE THOUGHT.
IS NOT AS EFFECTIVE
THE POWER DRAIN IS TOO HIGH
FOR THE KLINGON SHIP TO RECOVER
AND TAKES TOO LONG
TO MAKE IT PRACTICAL.
AGREED, CAPTAIN.
A MUCH MORE EFFECTIVE WEAPON.
TRIBBLES APPEAR TO BE
[CHIRPING]
JONES' GENETIC ENGINEERING
WAS VERY SLIPSHOD, JIM.
HE MAY HAVE KEPT THE TRIBBLES
FROM REPRODUCING,
BUT HE DIDN'T SLOW DOWN
THEIR METABOLISM.
YOU SEE, THEY'RE NOT JUST GIANT
TRIBBLES -- THEY'RE COLONIES.
CAPTAIN, THE ENGINE ROOM
IS FILLED WITH TRIBBLE.
WELL, WE CAN DO SOMETHING
ABOUT THAT.
ATTACK.
[CHIRPING NERVOUSLY]
HE DID IT TO US AGAIN!
EXCUSE FOR A STARSHIP CAPTAIN
THAT TINPLATED, OVERBEARING
DID IT TO US AGAIN.
BLAST THAT THING.
[CHIRPING]
-ANY OTHER ORDERS, SIR?
-YES.
DON'T DO THAT AGAIN. EVER.
A SIMPLE SHOT OF NEOETHYLENE
WILL FIX EVERYTHING.
THE TRIBBLE COLONIES WILL BREAK
DOWN INTO THEIR INDIVIDUAL UNITS
WITH A SLOWER METABOLIC RATE.
AND THESE REALLY WILL BE
SAFE TRIBBLES NOW.
UH, WHAT ABOUT THE KLINGONS?
WELL, UNLESS THEY TREAT
THEIR TRIBBLES, TOO,
THAT SHIP ISN'T GOING TO BE
BIG ENOUGH FOR ALL OF THEM.
SAY, YOU DIDN'T GET
THIS ONE, BONES.
OH, YES, I DID.
Kirk: BUT IT HASN'T --
[CRASHING]
SOMEDAY I'LL LEARN.
Scotty: AYE, CAPTAIN.
BUT YOU'VE GOT TO ADMIT,
IF WE'VE GOT TO HAVE TRIBBLES,
IT'S BEST IF ALL OUR TRIBBLES
ARE LITTLE ONES.
[CHIRPING]